echap/doc/user/pearl.rst, before:


WP 3: Use of Pearl
############################

:Version: |version|
:Release: |release|
:Date: |today|


Description
=============

Pearl allows to compute the fate of pesticides on plant leaves and loss to the environment.

In the context of the project, it could be used in three cases : 

- case 1 : to compute localy (on small leaf parts) the fate of products at a daily (or hourly) time step. In this case the model is run with micrometeorological data computed at leaf level and becomes an alternative to other pesticide decay functions in the within day loop.


- case 2 : to compute the fate of pesticide in the whole system, taking into account the outputs of the detailed simulation to compute a DT50 of dissipation in the crop (option Lumped in pearl)

- case 3 : to run pearl independantly of other module, in one run, and get directly the fate of pesticide at the canopy scale level + soil. Vegetation is in mode 'Calculated'


The other echap module may be used to parameterise : 
-  the fraction of product intercepted per spray event 
- the fraction of product belonging to the reduce exposure class (kept constant during one run : to be kept as this ??)
- CropGrowth parameters...



RoadMap
=======

- Feb-June 2011 : complete inclusion of pearl (call/return from python) / test of model at leaf scale. extract/depose input from/to mtg
- check run time in a scenario with 5000 ? leaf element
- check consistency with WP2 decay function
- Plan calibration of decay fuinction from data

Commit message:

update pearl doc with todo
git-svn-id: https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/authscm/pradal/svn/openaleapkg/trunk@2687 0978ab36-7443-0410-8248-c2aa344a765a

echap/doc/user/pearl.rst, after:


WP 3: Use of Pearl
############################

:Version: |version|
:Release: |release|
:Date: |today|


Description
=============

Pearl allows to compute the fate of pesticides on plant leaves and loss to the environment.

In the context of the project, it could be used in three cases : 

- case 1 : to compute localy (on small leaf parts) the fate of products at a daily (or hourly) time step. In this case the model is run with micrometeorological data computed at leaf level and becomes an alternative to other pesticide decay functions in the within day loop.


- case 2 : to compute the fate of pesticide in the whole system, taking into account the outputs of the detailed simulation to compute a DT50 of dissipation in the crop (option Lumped in pearl)

- case 3 : to run pearl independantly of other module, in one run, and get directly the fate of pesticide at the canopy scale level + soil. Vegetation is in mode 'Calculated'


The other echap module may be used to parameterise : 
-  the fraction of product intercepted per spray event 
- the fraction of product belonging to the reduce exposure class (kept constant during one run : to be kept as this ??)
- CropGrowth parameters...

.. TODO:: 
    - Parameters to be check:
        - Parameters used in OPEN ALEA for PEARL LEAF for Epoxiconazole : 
            - Compound parameters:
                * 'DT50Pen' : DT50 for penetration (d) - default 0.33. To be modified given Nebila’s estimation or by Erik?
                * 'DT50Tra' : DT50 for transformation by photodegradation (d) - default 0.433. To be modified given Nebila’s estimation or by Erik?
            
            - TransportResistance (dict): parameters for transport ressistance in boundary layers. zero or more of:
                * 'ThicknessLay' : thickness of air boundary layer (m): 0.0006. Erik, could you have a look on this ?

        - Parameters used in OPEN ALEA for PEARL LEAF for Chlorothalonil : 
            - Compound parameters:
                * 'DT50Pen' : DT50 for penetration (d) - default 0.14. The values given here comes from Erik’s studies and were used by Nebila in her model. But, to be further checked given Nebila’s estimation with experiments or by Erik? 
                * 'DT50Tra' : DT50 for transformation by photodegradation (d) - default 0.23. The values given here comes from Erik’s studies and were used by Nebila in her model. But, to be further checked given Nebila’s estimation with experiments or by Erik? 
::

RoadMap
=======

- Feb-June 2011 : complete inclusion of pearl (call/return from python) / test of model at leaf scale. extract/depose input from/to mtg
- check run time in a scenario with 5000 ? leaf element
- check consistency with WP2 decay function
- Plan calibration of decay fuinction from data
